Up versions. (#473)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.11.0 (07/06/2021)

**olp-sdk-dataservice-write**

- Updated dependencies.

**olp-sdk-dataservice-api**

> Added the APIs generated by `Interactive V1` specification for supporting IML Layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the APIs generated by the `Interactive V1` specification to support IML layers.
```
